
During which time frames are most departure delays happening?
Are there departure delays happening in one airport, when the other is doing fine?
Average number of flights during the peak slot from each airport.
Are there departure delays in one airport and early flights in another?
Departure delays by carrier.
Flights that caught up on delay. Delayed departure but scheduled arrival
air time vs (Arrival - departure difference) - Need to adjust timezones.?

Aircraft speed analysis:  distance/air time (by plane tail number and flight number, carrier) - Are aircrafts from a specific carrier, or specific planes flying faster?

Top flight numbers and carriers delayed.


%age of on time arrival by carrier, for flights departing from each of the 3 airports..

Max flights landing in each airport per hour.

Trace percentage of on time departed flights per day, over the year (or per week over a year).

Number of flights per airport by day of week.


Cluster analysis of flights delayed / not delayed (create column) - X vars - flight, tail num, Hour of departure, dayofweek?

Adding new fields:
Binning of delays (create dep delay and arr delay field). Create hours & minutes combined time field
Adding fields (delayed / not delayed).


Airport wise - No of flights departing per minute for each airport.

Flight code wise - Is a specific flight getting delayed more often (Longest delays, and most number of delays).



What we dont know - 

1) Are some of them connecting flights that need to depart from a specific airport only, in which case it doesnt make sense to move them.
2) Are some delays due to technical snags for which data is not available?
3) Some flights have short time and more ATC time. Cannot tell whether they were circling at source or destination.


Story: 
Flights delayed on certain days of the year. Certain flights delayed more often.
Flights delayed when departing during certain time intervals?
Flight from a specific carrier delayed?
Peak hours for each airport. Are more flights delayed at peak hour? No. of flights departing in that hour vs no. of flights 
DO delays spiral and increase on a given day (dep delays).

Do specific destinations have more arrival delays?

Predictions:
Are flights departing from specific airports, at specific times 



Recommendations:
Can some flights be moved from one airport to another?

Mode (most frequently occuring) - Mode flight among all delayed flights.
Distribution of delays... for each carrier or each airport







Departure delays.
Best airports in terms of time departure %.
Aircraft speed analysis.
On time arrival % analysis.
Maximum number of flights headed to some particular destination.
